README.md, before:

# Movecraft-WorldGuard
![WorldGuard](https://github.com/APDevTeam/Movecraft-WorldGuard/actions/workflows/maven.yml/badge.svg)
[![Codebeat](https://codebeat.co/badges/995849d2-3017-4a93-a9bb-2dcf00c661bd)](https://codebeat.co/projects/github-com-apdevteam-movecraft-worldguard-main)

Home of the code for the following features:
 - WorldGuard plugin integration

## Version support
The `1.10.2` branch is coded for Movecraft 7.x and WorldGuard v6.1.x for 1.10.2.  Support for this version is only for critical issues.

The `1.12.2` branch is coded for Movecraft 7.x and WorldGuard v6.2.x for 1.12.2.

The `main` branch is coded for Movecraft 8.x and WorldGuard v7.x for 1.14.4+.

## Download

Devevlopment builds can be found on the [Releases page](https://github.com/APDevTeam/Movecraft-WorldGuard) of this repository.

Stable builds can be found on [our SpigotMC page](https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/movecraft-worldguard.90428/).

## Building
This plugin requires that the user setup and build their [Movecraft-Combat](https://github.com/TylerS1066/Movecraft-Combat) development environment, and then clone this into the same folder as your Movecraft-Combat development environment such that Movecraft-WorldGuard and Movecraft-Combat are contained in the same folder.

Then, run the following to build Movecraft-WorldGuard through `maven`.
```
mvn clean install
```
Jars are located in `/target`.


## Support
[Github Issues](https://github.com/APDevTeam/Movecraft-WorldGuard/issues)

[Discord](https://rebrand.ly/Join-AP-Dev)

The plugin is released here under the GNU General Public License V3.

Commit message:

Gradle (#14)
* Update .gitignore

* Gradle auto init

* Switch over build system

* Changing permission of gradlew

README.md, after:

# Movecraft-WorldGuard
![WorldGuard](https://github.com/APDevTeam/Movecraft-WorldGuard/actions/workflows/gradle.yml/badge.svg)
[![Codebeat](https://codebeat.co/badges/995849d2-3017-4a93-a9bb-2dcf00c661bd)](https://codebeat.co/projects/github-com-apdevteam-movecraft-worldguard-main)

Home of the code for the following features:
 - WorldGuard plugin integration

## Version support
The `1.10.2` branch is coded for Movecraft 7.x and WorldGuard v6.1.x for 1.10.2.  Support for this version is only for critical issues.

The `1.12.2` branch is coded for Movecraft 7.x and WorldGuard v6.2.x for 1.12.2.

The `main` branch is coded for Movecraft 8.x and WorldGuard v7.x for 1.14.4+.

## Download
Releases can be found on the [Releases tag](https://github.com/APDevTeam/Movecraft-WorldGuard).

Development builds can be found on the [GitHub Actions tab](https://github.com/APDevTeam/Movecraft-WorldGuard/actions) of this repository.

Previous builds can be found on [our SpigotMC page](https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/movecraft-worldguard.90428/).

## Building
Run the following to build Movecraft-WorldGuard:
```
./gradlew clean build --parallel
```
Jars are located in `/build/libs` directory.

## Support
[Github Issues](https://github.com/APDevTeam/Movecraft-WorldGuard/issues)

[Discord](https://rebrand.ly/Join-AP-Dev)

The plugin is released here under the GNU General Public License V3.
